today there is the promised
Duck greens with mixed
yeasty yeasty us what I of course
again from a weekly sewing kit
off and short crust I always have
frozen
now first the yeast dough
they are based on our 77th
people and that's my yeast dough now
for a cake obligatory cross
so that then roll out nicely rectangle
I can feel so much better now and now cold
so that he has the same strength
wiedermal now the plums
make a decision
roll out the partly split dough
same size and at the same time
shortcrust pastry on top and all of it
I now have to roll out the single
roll like puff pastry
but that does not work I would have myself
to make the drawing so now
bursts when we cleared out now and one
Couple put together twice
enough and then put in the form
I previously put something fat on the floor
have struck
so that the cake goes out well then yes
my camera went on strike again
or I do not have to
to press right pressed therefore
now a film clip of apricots
Tajik certainly took root
insert the same crumb so that the
moisture is absorbed and now
again and again in the second game
the beloved right
in the meantime make mine now
Hefezopf finished because I want the
leave it on the second day
maybe then the yeast dough de
did not draw something against that means
was going or definitely was
destroyed says baked and then now
Start 40 to 45 minutes at Ober
I do not think that's what I mean
long left I do not have it
expected finally finished I therefore
still a bit pale but it is just ok
even so
yes and then solve something from the tin edge
and then under it put off the grid
so he can cool down really nice
because the coffee cup is already
prepared coffee machine on
check also below if synonymous
really good baked and then comes
again some cosmetics and now one
magic trick apricot jam boil up
brush and then it shines
plum cake of cakes like a
you want to do it the same way and there you end it
I really just want to go
to it the expenses to branches
It's not really worth mixing
but I still want you good
succeed in baking and
you think my thumb
there are many new films coming for many
this will have to be done until next time